Ranking Criteria/BN rule updates (#2156)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!/en.md

-   **Hit objects must never be off-screen in 4:3 aspect ratios.** Hit objects that are even partially off-screen can create reading difficulties. Test play your beatmap to confirm this.
-   **Spinners must be long enough for Auto to achieve 1000 bonus score.** Short spinners are unreasonably difficult to complete.
-   **Each beatmap must use at least two different custom combo colours unless the default skin is forced.** The combo colours must not blend with the beatmap's background/storyboard/video in any case. This is so hit objects are always visible to the player and custom skin's combo colours do not blend with the background accidentally.

> -   **Every slider must have a clear and visible path to follow from start to end.** Sliders that overlap themselves without straightforward slider borders and sliders whose individual sections are unreadable cannot be used. A slider's end position must be clear under the assumption that a player has fully transparent `sliderendcircle.png`/`sliderendcircleoverlay.png` skin elements.

Reviewer: I disagree with specifically mentioning the skin elements here, as many may still use skins that use the transparent hitcircle and numbers as hitcircles to get the transparent sliderend style, as this is how it was done for years before seperate-end support was finally added. Just a particularity thing.
`A slider's end position must be clear under the assumption that a player has a skin which makes slider end circles invisible.`

Author: yes

-   **Avoid using combo colours with ~220 luminosity or higher during kiai times.** They create bright pulses which can be unpleasant to the eyes.
-   **Spinner ends, slider ends, and slider reverses should have hit sound feedback.** If these are used to represent a held sound and do not align with a distinct sound, having no feedback is acceptable.
-   **Avoid using sound samples for sliderslide, sliderwhistle, and spinnerspin which do not naturally loop.** These hit sounds are continuous, meaning that their files play from start to end and loop as one continuous sound for the length of the object, so using sound files with a clear impact for them might lead to unwanted side effects.
-   **Avoid replacing the hit finish in soft/normal samplesets with frequently used custom hit sound samples.** Using these finishes to represent snare/bass drums or a song's melody can sound obnoxious for anyone disabling beatmap hit sounds. Replacing hit whistles/claps is recommended because those samples are used more often.

> -   **Avoid unjustified spikes in difficulty.** Difficulty should be representative of the song's intensity.

Reviewer 2: seems like something for general RC?

Author: yes? ill ask other mode players first tho, dunno what silly stuff they consider fine

-  **Avoid overlapping circles, slider heads, and slider tails.** These can be confusing for new players. 1/1 overlaps due to distance snapping should be avoided with higher spacing or slider velocity.
-  **Avoid 1/1 sliders with multiple reverses.** New players are unable to read additional reverses because they are visible for such a short amount of time.
-  **Avoid slider-only sections.** Aiming and following a lot of sliders in a row can be tiring for new players. In such cases, circles and rest moments without hit objects to click or follow should be used.
-  **Frequently manipulating slider velocity is discouraged.** Slider velocity should only be changed for sections of music with different pacings and should not be drastically variable.
-  **Use straightforward and easily understandable slider shapes.** New players may not understand how to follow more complex shapes.
-  **Spinner recovery time should be at least 4 beats.** This is to ensure adequate time to click a hit object following a spinner.
-  **Avoid spinners less than 4 beats.** Players need time to recognize that they have to begin spinning.

> -  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hitobjects within 4 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hit objects within 4 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.
```

Author: yes

-  **Avoid perfectly overlapping slider bodies within 4 beats of each other.** Doing so can cause sliders to be misread as a circle due to obscuring the slider body.
-  **Ensure that your combos are not unreasonably short or long.** Combos should reflect patterns expressed in the song, such as bars of music or vocal/instrumental phrases.
-  **Avoid overlapping hit objects with other elements of the default and beatmap-specific skins.** This refers to all elements that are part of the interface and can be skinned.

> 

Reviewer 2: remove whitespace to save trees

Author: burn

-  **Avoid 1/2 sliders with multiple reverses.** New players are unable to read additional reverses because they are visible for such a short amount of time.
-  **Avoid slider-only sections.** Aiming and following a lot of sliders in a row can be tiring for new players. In such cases, circles and rest moments without hit objects to click or follow should be used.
-  **Stacks are acceptable, but avoid switching between 1/1 and 1/2 stacks repeatedly.** This may cause reading issues for new players, since two different rhythms are visually the same.
-  **Frequently manipulating slider velocity is discouraged.** Slider velocity should only be changed for sections of music with different pacings and should not be drastically variable.
-  **Use straightforward and easily understandable slider shapes.** New players may not understand how to follow more complex shapes.
-  **Spinner recovery time should be at least 2 beats.** This is to ensure adequate time to click a hit object following a spinner.
-  **Avoid spinners less than 3 beats.** Players need time to recognize that they have to begin spinning.

> -  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hitobjects within 3 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hit objects within 3 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.
```

Author: yes

-  **Avoid mixing 1/2 and 1/4 rhythms in the same stack.** Different rhythms of this density without spacing indication can cause reading issues.
-  **Slider tick hit sounds are discouraged.** If you want to use them, then make sure that their volume is balanced (i.e. notably quieter than regular hit sounds). A very loud slider tick, especially when only used once or twice, can be extremely jarring.
-  **Avoid spinners less than 2 beats.** Players need time to recognize that they have to begin spinning.

> -  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hitobjects within 2 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  **Avoid fully covering slider reverse arrows with hit objects within 2 beats of the reverse arrow being reached.** This gives players enough time to recognize the reverse arrow.
```

Author: yes
